first of all we'll take a look at how a
drift machine should be tuned and
modified looking at this s14 Sylvia with
limited modifications to only the
suspension area you can say that
drifting is not about power goin
sideways relying on only brute power is
not what sukiya age for so how should
the beginner set up his or her machine
to trip like the king okay so what's the
least amount of tuning you need to drift
we had lots of stuff done to our car
right here but you don't need to go all
crazy to start drifting first of all you
have to start with a suspension but then
you should also change the brake pads
and brake fluid that's about it and if
you're lucky enough to be able to spend
some more upgrading the CPU exhaust
system seats steering and chip knob may
be a good idea and as you improve may be
changing LSDs may be good in future
anyway what I want you all to understand
is that you don't need loads of money to
enjoy the store of triphala let's check
out the six basic techniques that
sushiya actually applies to trip see how
CGI triggers the tail to slide with each
move to make it easier to analyze each
drifting procedure at low speeds will
use the second hairpin at a bisous
circuit going counterclockwise well if I
told to begin with I'll show you what i
was doing back in the days long before
anyone recognized me this should be the
entry level technique for all novice
drifters first of all I cut the spring
shorter on my car and then you go how to
turn your car sideways there's no
difficult wait transition in volunteer
will first use the e brake to go
sideways and then we'll try what's
called the shift lock and then on to the
power trip that doesn't require much
skin I'll show you these three
techniques what if they don't do that
this one's for all beginners everyone
goes through this stage I started off
doing this to yep about
districting relies all I the memory
straightaway great toe well thank you
break right there
just like this well it all starts from
something like this don't worry about
how your eggs at the corner just try to
pull the ebrake at the corner entrance
and concentrate on making the car go
sideways you break and then turn the
wheel step on the clutch and pull the e
brake release the ebrake go into
countersteer mode then wait wait until
you know that the car is facing the
corner exit direction then you gently
start stepping on the gas how hard you
should step on the gas pedal should
depend on how much you're sliding and
counter steering all of this should get
you to exit the corner in one piece one
must learn the timing and the rhythm of
the drift games 15 procedure and
actually feel the exact moment the tail
slides in order to master the six basic
drifting tech next the length of the
tail slide depends on the steering angle
plus how long and how strong the e brake
is being pulled all maneuvers must be
done smoothly and timely and to do that
having the right driving position
becomes crucial this is a must in order
to give a car a quick counter steer and
respond to the car slightest movement
let's check out how Suchi is controlling
the gas pedal from the outside you can
see he's controlling the trip without
opening the gas all the way the timing
to pull the e brake is almost
synchronized
when the brakes are let off
the second technique is the shift lock
notice that sushi is right foot is not
doing the feel
okay let's now look at the shift lock I
used to do this on snow and wet surfaces
I don't recommend to do this on dry
roads but here we go
just like that Kathy gasps all the way
in third gear brake steer then boom you
let the clutch go without using healing
toe the rear will suddenly lock then you
slide counter steer from here rest is
the same as a side brake drift the
corner entry procedure is the same as
the side brake drift the important point
here is when to release the clutch
fujiya lets off the clutch just as he
eases off the break-in steers am his
breaking only lasts for two seconds it's
right it's great great gasps the
tailslide a coat right as he stares into
the corner this is how the car is toast
dripping from the corner entrance
you
Empower over trips throttle control is
the key
I used to do this when I couldn't drift
yet I break like this and try to drift
but I couldn't because I was too scared
so the only thing I could do was to step
on the gas all the way at the corner
exit
I used to practice this on the snow it's
what boy when you can't do anything
about the strong understeer at the
corner entry you should try this on snow
on a wet surface to practice steer into
the corner maybe if you feel the
understeer and at the corner exit just
blow the gas and make your car go
sideways an issue exit counter steering
this should be the easiest way to drift
with the entry level rather than side
brake drifting and shift lock drifting
you should practice this on a slippery
surface and remember not to step on the
gas until you reach the corner exit
point because if you give too much gas
before this Olivia you'll end up under
state law in this case the corner entry
is the same as before gradually opening
up the gas until the coping point then
sukhiya loosens up the gas for a moment
and then he kicks in the gas pedal to
get the tail sliding power over drifting
each strong
this is the reason why tsukiyomi Santa
gas to make the boat ship to the front
and vocal effects in this time you've
mastered the entry-level drifting and if
you're being controlled the cars weight
transition you can pull your e brake
lightly oh just a tad so that people
watching can't even tell you're pulling
that you break then you'll learn how to
drift using shift lock and breaking but
this entry level is a good starting
point for all beginners